= GJMAN is a handyman with some useful tools

Gjman is my neighbourhood friendly handyman with some useful tools.
Tools available will remain diverse, and are added as and when i need them.

== Getting Started

It's hosted on gemcutter.org.

  $ sudo gem install gjman

Under the hood, gjman uses some java libs, u can either run it using:

* jruby, or
* any rubies with rjb installed, or
* any rubies, as long as java can be found in $PATH

== PDF Tools

=== 1. Merging (2 or more pdfs)

  require 'gjman/pdf'
  Gjman::PDF.merge('/path/to/pdf1', '/path/to/pdf2', '/path/to/pdf3')
  # >> merges the 3 pdfs & return the merged pdf path

  Gjman::PDF.merge('/path/to/pdf1', '/path/to/pdf2', :to => '/path/to/merged/pdf')
  # >> merges the pdfs & return the merged pdf path, which is '/path/to/merged/pdf'

=== 2. Testing if 2 pdfs have the same content

  require 'gjman/pdf'
  Gjman::PDF.match?('/path/to/pdf1', '/path/to/pdf2')
  # >> true if the 2 pdfs have the same content

Note:
* textual comparison takes into account wordings, positioning, sizes, fonts, colors,
  backgrounds & styles (bold, italic, etc)
* image comparison takes into account positioning, size, & byte length (if 2 images
  share the same byte length, they are taken to be the same)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 ngty77[at]gmail[dot]com. See LICENSE for details.
